todo.md, before:

[features ideas]
- max members (value set in SimpleFactionSettings.yml)
- delete faction confirm
- kick confirm
- alies and enemies
- land claiming

[to do]
- Fix upper case check for faction names (this "Factionname" is the same as this "FactionName")
- Remake/rethink the Create faction menu system
- with the /faction list make tabs that the player can go through
- with the /faction members make tabs that the player can go through

[done]
- when player gets kicked the player that is kicked does not get a message if they are online
- when preforming the command /faction invite there is no list of players that can be invited
- when preforming the command /faction join there is no list of faction than can be joined
- when preforming the command /faction kick there is no list of members that can be kicked
- when a player clicks join faction in the faction info menu the menu is not closed.
- when a member clicks on the faction name/color change buttons they are let in to the next menu instead of blocked - they are blocked from changing it tho

- tab completion invite check if player is online and without a faction
- when changing the faction name the faction menu is closed instead of opened again
- when player join faction there name is change to [faction name](owner name) instead of [faction name](player name)
- FIX THE GOD DAMN REPLY MESSAGES OF THE PLUGIN!!!!!
- FIX THE GOD DAMN NAMES AND LORE OF THE BUTTONS!!!!!
- add /cp (/chat public) and /cf (/chat faction)
- add tab completion for /faction modify color and /faction modify owner

[not done but also not going to implement for now]
- when request to join a faction if the owner is not online it sent an error instead of an owner not online
- when something changes in the faction reopen all the open faction info gui's

Commit message:

List gui: playerInvite, member, factions page number change the first page is now 1 and not 0

todo.md, after:

[features ideas]
- max members (value set in SimpleFactionSettings.yml)
- delete faction confirm
- kick confirm
- alies and enemies
- land claiming

[needs fixing]
- next and previous button faction list gui
- creating a new faction with gui ?????


[to do]
- Fix upper case check for faction names (this "Factionname" is the same as this "FactionName")
- Remake/rethink the Create faction menu system
- Faction name cant have spaces, spacial characters, number and uppercase characters

[done]
- when player gets kicked the player that is kicked does not get a message if they are online
- when preforming the command /faction invite there is no list of players that can be invited
- when preforming the command /faction join there is no list of faction than can be joined
- when preforming the command /faction kick there is no list of members that can be kicked
- when a player clicks join faction in the faction info menu the menu is not closed.
- when a member clicks on the faction name/color change buttons they are let in to the next menu instead of blocked - they are blocked from changing it tho

- tab completion invite check if player is online and without a faction
- when changing the faction name the faction menu is closed instead of opened again
- when player join faction there name is change to [faction name](owner name) instead of [faction name](player name)
- FIX THE GOD DAMN REPLY MESSAGES OF THE PLUGIN!!!!!
- FIX THE GOD DAMN NAMES AND LORE OF THE BUTTONS!!!!!
- add /cp (/chat public) and /cf (/chat faction)
- add tab completion for /faction modify color and /faction modify owner
- with the /faction list make tabs that the player can go through
- with the /faction members make tabs that the player can go through

[not done but also not going to implement for now]
- when request to join a faction if the owner is not online it sent an error instead of an owner not online
- when something changes in the faction reopen all the open faction info gui's
